docs: Updates for Indexer 3.0.0 (#1562)
algorand/indexer: README.md

# Algorand Indexer

> The Indexer is an API that provides search capabilities to Algorand on-chain data. Data is written by [Conduit](https://github.com/algorand/conduit/blob/master/docs/tutorials/IndexerWriter.md) to populate a PostgreSQL compaatible database.

Author: ```suggestion
The Indexer is an API that provides search capabilities for Algorand on-chain data. Data is written by [Conduit](https://github.com/algorand/conduit/blob/master/docs/tutorials/IndexerWriter.md) to populate a PostgreSQL compatible database.
```

For all other transaction queries, results are returned oldest first. This is because it is the physical order they would normally be written in, so it is going to be faster.

<!-- USAGE_END_MARKER_LINE -->

> # Migrating from Indexer v1

Author: Added something about this.
